Auto repair invalid Provider JSON, PowerPlatform 3.1 tenant isolation hotfix, Fix AAD crash when no tenant licenses (#2255)
cisagov/ScubaGear: README.md

### 4. Run Your First Assessment

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > If you are running release 2.0.0 with interactive login against a non-commercial tenant such as gcc or gcchigh, include [the -M365Environment parameter](https://github.com/cisagov/ScubaGear/blob/main/docs/configuration/parameters.md#m365environment). Starting in the next release this won't be necessary anymore because ScubaGear will auto-detect the environment.

Reviewer: Wording changes to help with cohesion:

```suggestion
> If you are running v2.0.0 with interactive login against a non-commercial tenant such as gcc or gcchigh, include the [-M365Environment parameter](https://github.com/cisagov/ScubaGear/blob/main/docs/configuration/parameters.md#m365environment). In a future release ScubaGear will auto-detect the M365 environment and this won't be necessary.
```
